so let Baron head I kind of thought a
lonely place down there buddy by the
year para nada
found the landing area landing there is
that oh hey there he's in time good boy
Polonia know about that all right oh
she's got so much you think always
finding about cut you for a hearing for
aging it was a fiver actually find the
carbon get you to get stronger winds
Leon I really really like I I really
thank you taught end up catching
anything definitely caught me watching
me being able to circle something
here let me see people pay her vehicle
I'm gonna get it clean up they become
for me then avoiding the hotel he'll saw
him trying to avoid the hills on at
least out there you're not near help I
can't to follow
wow you're higher you sit down and they
look higher is right even meaner lying
on the top landing and is now just
passed right over my head I'll I might
miss the winsock well Baloche 700 tape
and a bit stop one of the great
apes taken
that was it intense hard to keep calm so
he simply are the big car because it's
definitely true you just got to go with
a thermal if you feel the fella really
tugging on a ring it's best to
concentrate on just coroner thermal
because it really pushes you around a
lot if you he's trying to fly through
them it's just aa too much but it helps
it almost like feels more stable when
you're right in the middle